British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 4: Problems, Advice and Decisions.
Lesson 5: Problems, Advice and Decisions: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a speaking task about education.
Today you will practise language connected to education.
Target language: conditionals 0/1/2.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for problems, advice and decisions. You will learn useful language connected to education and practise conditionals 0/1/2. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.